♪♪♪
Yahoo, (laughs)
I'm finally going home.
Back to the Cyberse!
There it is.
All safe and cozy
like I left it.
Now ta tickity-tock
and unlock the lock!
(Ai laughing)
Yes, yes.
This is emotional.
Hey everybody!
Your hero is home!
Where is everyone?
Don't greet me all at once.
(Ai gasps)
♪♪♪
No.
It's all destroyed.
Oh, glitch, glitch,
glitch, glitch, glitch!
Some homecoming!
Anybody here?
Anyone?
Hello?
Oh, I get it!
You're pulling a prank!
But you can't outprank
this prankster.
Found ya, or not.
I thought I saved everybody.
I'm still all alone.
(crackling)
Huh, who's there?
♪♪♪
Hmm?
(Linky whimpers)
Linky.
(Ai sobbing)
(Linky groaning)
(Ai laughing)
Missed ya too, pal!
But you're crushing
my bits and bytes!
Have ya seen the other Ignis?
(Linky babbles)
And what happened
to the Cyberse?
(Linky babbles)
Ya know, Linky.
All this time, I thought I
was protecting the Cyberse,
but I was protecting nothing.
I've failed.
(Ai grunts)
This is all my fault!
♪♪♪
(Roboppi)
83 days without
the master and counting.
Why did you teach
Roboppi how to feel
if you were going
to abandon Roboppi?
(Roboppi sobbing)
(Yusaku)
Hmm.
I think those dogs
were done an hour ago.
That is, unless you
want 'em charcoaled.
(Yusaku)
They're still pink, Skye.
They're supposed to be pink.
But hey, you're the chef.
Seriously though, you're
kinda triggerin' me.
Flip 'em over.
(Yusaku)
It's safer to overcook than
under-cook.
(Skye sighs)
Anyways.
I know that it's a few months
too late and everything,
but I never thanked
you for finding me.
There's no need.
It was
nothing special.
Not saying you're not special--
Well, I guess the least
I can do is buy a sandwich.
That really isn't
necessary Skye.
Oh?
Not to be rude, but from
the looks of things,
I may be the only customer
you get all afternoon.
(Shima's Mom)
Did you take out the garbage
yet?
But, Ma, I have
to finish studying!
Yeah, studying.
Studying the new
LINK VRAINS!
Oh yea!
It's time to link
into the VRAINS!
(electrical whirring)
(Shima groaning)
Whoa.
♪♪♪
Yeah, I'm really here
in LINK VRAINS 2.0!
A total revamp with
upgraded everything!
Check these skins
and shops and events,
even new Duel Boards!
Huh, maybe the Tower of
Hanoi wasn't all that bad.
(crowd cheering)
What's going on here?
Huh?
It's her, Blue Angel!
Aw guys, you sure do know how
to make an angel feel loved.
Now, who in the True Blue
Crew is ready to party!
(crowd cheering)
Me!
This is so much better
than takin' out the trash!
Blue Angel, do you see me?
I'm here!
Can't believe just
three months ago,
this was a complete
war zone, Boss.
Well kid, a lot can
change in three months.
If something's broke, then
you just gotta fix it.
Speakin' of broke, when are
you gonna fix my bank account?
Slow your roll.
I said a lot can happen,
not everything can happen.
Sorry Boss.
'Course you are.
Now, just be happy that your
beak is still breathin'.
Think of this as a
well-earned vacation
from the rabble and babble.
You're right, it's nice to
get outta the firing line.
(Woman)
Move!
Ah, heads up, 12 o'clock!
(Pigeon)
No, it's three.
(Woman)
Out of the way
(Pigeon and Frog grumbling)
Maybe we should park
outside the dueling lanes?
Ever since SOL Technologies
lifted the ban on Speed Dueling,
the skies are more
crowded than ever!
No joke!
These new next gen Duel Boards
are a lot easier to fly
around, too easy if you ask me!
Good thing they
programmed extra safeties
into the courses
'cause otherwise,
duels would be more
like demolition derbies!
♪♪♪
A fresh new world
of fresh new loot.
It's like they chose to
program this place just for me.
But not for him.
You'd think they would
build statues for Playmaker,
not put a bounty
on his head.
♪♪♪
But Queen,
I don't see why
you would want to capture
Playmaker when he saved us all.
Wow, Zaizen.
You get your old job back
and you think you have
the right to question me.
We replaced you as
security chief once.
That may well happen again
unless you stay in line.
(Zaizen groans)
We finally found
the Cyberse,
but what we did not
find were the Ignis.
And the Ignis are what
SOL Tech needs to maintain
the longterm survivability
of LINK VRAINS.
But Queen--
Did I give you
permission to speak?
If Playmaker has an
Ignis, I want Playmaker.
Zaizen, that simple
enough to understand
or do I need to
repeat it for you?
I understand
quite fully.
Very good, then I'm
putting you in charge
of my new bounty
hunter task force.
You will lead this team and
capture Playmaker and his Ignis.
If you succeed,
I can guarantee great
things for your career.
But if you fail,
just don't fail.
(Zaizen groans)
The bounty hunters
have arrived, Mr. Zaizen.
Come right in.
♪♪♪
Ah, welcome,
gentleman.
It's been a
while, Gore.
Not long enough, bub.
I never thought
the day would come
when I'd actually
be working for ya.
I was thinking the same
thing, but here we are.
So, Gore, why did
you decide
to give up the celebrity
circuit for this one?
I got plenty of
reasons to choose from,
but not a single one of
'em's any of your business,
so hows about we just
keep this meetin' movin'.
(Zaizen)
Hmm.
Listen, just
give me the basics.
Target, location, and deadline.
That's it.
Before that, we're
waiting for one more hunter.
Yeah?
Well, you oughta know that no
one keeps The Gore waitin'.
Then you should
make an exception,
at least this one time because
this is one bounty hunter
whose bad side you
don't want to get on.
♪♪♪
Blue Angel was
like so flash.
One guy said that
she winked at him,
but she was so obviously
winking my way.
Oh yeah, here it is!
Central Station, the
new hub of LINK VRAINS!
It's so huge!
I bet you can have a kaiju
battle royal in there!
I once, ah, oops!
Sorry about that!
Don't worry,
it's fine hon.
I shoulda been watchin'
where I was goin',
but I don't know
how I coulda missed
someone as
flash as you.
Hey now, smooth
talker aren't ya?
That's what the
Brave Battler's known for,
and for being Playmaker's
sidekick of course!
Playmaker, huh?
You might want to keep
that info on the DL, kid.
A lot of people are goin'
after him for the bounty.
So, they might come after
you if you're not careful.
Then those chumps are gonna
be in for a rude awakening.
You really are brave!
Good luck, hon!
She said hon to me twice!
No one's ever done
that except for my ma.
(laughs) She almost made
me forget why I came
to LINK VRAINS in
the first place.
All right Brave Battler, time
to check out Central Station!
♪♪♪
Aw, so cool!
I can get all of the
latest updates in here.
(Man)
Look, it says
double rank points
for Speed Duels tomorrow.
(Man#2)
Dude, we totally
gotta get on that.
Too bad you're all gonna
be dueling for second place,
which is last place in my books.
(Blue Penguin)
Clear out, ya lousy bums!
I'm not tellin' ya twice!
(Purple Penguin)
These tables is for penguins
only!
If ya don't have flippers,
then ya better flip off!
I thought penguins
would be all chill
since they live on ice.
Didn't ya hear, hit the skids!
This bloke's givin'
me the cold shoulder!
That ain't smart.
If you think LINK VRAINS'
safety rules will save ya
from gettin' a beat down,
you're in for a shock, pal!
1,001 volts worth
of shock to be exact!
Now, punk,
say bye, you're.
Let go of my face!
No, not the hair!
I don't play by
the rules either.
(Blue Penguin)
What're ya doin'?
Hey, put me down!
(groaning)
No!
Oh.
Oh, come on!
He deleted
that guy!
He must be
a bounty hunter!
(Purple Penguin)
Hey, uh.
I'm sorry!
A bounty hunter?
Hope he's not after me.
(Ghost Gal)
Well, well you're
as charming
as ever, Shepherd.
(Shepherd)
Ghost Gal.
I heard that
SOL Technologies
hired you to hunt
down Playmaker.
And I heard they
made the same offer to you.
Yeah, they did, except
I didn't take their deal.
It didn't really
spark my interest.
Heh,
or in other words,
they didn't offer
you enough money.
You'll need a
lot more zeroes
at the end of the check to
get me to hunt Playmaker.
Ha, I don't.
I've never let
my prey escape,
and Playmaker
won't be the first.
♪♪♪
Your brother has made
significant progress
over the past
few months.
Whatever you
told him,
it seems to have lifted
a burden off his heart.
I know we're still far
from a full recovery,
but that's good
to hear, doc.
Patience is paramount,
but I feel quite confident
that we're on
the right track.
So Jin, ever think
what you're gonna do
when you get outta here?
(Jin sighs)
I know this sweet
food truck in Den City
that could totally
use your help.
The pay isn't great,
but the owner can offer
up free room and board.
(Jin gasps)
All you gotta do
is flip some dogs,
make some drinks,
sweep around the truck,
scrub some pots and pans.
(Jin gasps)
Fine, no pans.
Jin?
(Kolter gasps)
♪♪♪
Ah!
What the heck are you?
(Jin whimpering)
Hey.
What?
Jin!
(Jin screaming)
Hey!
Get off him!
Jin!
Come on Jin, wake up.
Hey, Kolter.
Don't worry, I haven't burned
down your stand, I just--
(Kolter) Yusaku,
Jin was attacked!
He was attacked?
Yeah, and whoever or
whatever that thing is
fled into LINK VRAINS!
♪♪♪
Right, I'm on it!
It's time to link
into the VRAINS!
(Kolter)
Look forsome guy
glowing yellow,
flowin' like plasma,
like a sun or something.
I'm also sendin' ya
a new Duel Board.
Hope ya like it.
It's way more
maneuverable than before,
and it's faster too.
That should help
since this world
has become much more crowded
since the last time I was here.
Whoa, no way!
That's totally Playmaker!
Wait till I tell everyone!
(Shima humming)
(machine beeps)
Huh?
♪♪♪
Whoa!
Playmaker!
He's returned!
You sure picked the
wrong time for a comeback.
I'm not finding anyone.
(Shepherd) But I
found you, Playmaker.
(gasps)
You gut guts showing up
with a bounty on your head,
but you never
looked like one
with much in the
brains department.
I don't know why SOL
Tech wants you so bad,
but then again, I don't care.
They're after me because
they think I have an Ignis,
but I don't.
Oh yeah?
Then what's that?
(gasps)
(Ai)
What up, meatbag!
(Ai laughs)
Ai, why are you here?
Well, you wanna
hear a not-so-funny story?
Not right now.
Ah, yeah, I
remember these feels.
(gasps)
There he is!
There
who is?
The guy
that I'm after.
Then who's the
guy who's after you?
I don't know but he's
proving to be a nuisance.
Then you're lucky that
I'm here, with full upgrades!
Firing my Data Storm!
♪♪♪
(Shepherd's AI)
Danger, Duel Board unstable.
Emergency log
out initiated.
(Ai)
Later escalator!
Now, let's go get 'em!
♪♪♪
What, that guy attacked
Kolter's baby bro?
I don't know how, but
if I defeat him in a duel,
I can extract
his avatar data
to not only
learn his identity,
but find out why
he did what he did.
(Ai)
Sounds good,
I'm starving!
(Haru)
You need to defeat him.
(Light Human)
I know.
Seems he wants to duel
me as badly as I him.
Oh yeah?
Then good thing I brought
my buddy from the Cyberse!
He ain't as cute
as me, but who is?
Say hi to
Playmaker, Linky!
(Linky babbles)
Check his stats!
Interesting.
That should be helpful.
(Ai)
Yup!
Here goes!
Let's Speed Duel!
The boards are sayin'
Playmaker's back in town!
And if you follow the time
stamps, he's headin' that a way!
Good sluthin'!
That'll let us get the
jump on this story!
So, hurry up
and hop to it!
(Pigeon)
Right, Boss!
♪♪♪
(Light Human)
I'll go first.
I place one card
facedown and end my turn.
I draw!
I discard Dotscaper, and
I then summon Defcon Bird!
And Dotscaper's special
ability allows it
to resurrect itself
from my graveyard!
I now have exactly what I
need to create my circuit.
The summoning condition
requires one Level 1 monster.
I Link Summon.
Link 1 Linkuriboh.
(Linky babbles)
Go get 'em, Linky!
Next, I summon Cyberse
Wizard in attack mode.
(Yusaku grunts)
This allows me to
Link Summon again.
The summoning conditions
require two Level 3 or
higher Cyberse monsters.
I Link Summon.
Link 2 Elphase.
For every monster
next to his link,
Elphase gains 300 attack points.
Now Linkuriboh,
attack him directly!
(Linky babbles)
And I'll follow that
up with my Elphase.
(Elphase grunting)
He's already down
to 1400 life points.
This duel's
gonna be a cinch.
I see you're still
underestimating your opponents?
(Light Human)
It's my turn.
I summon
Hydradrive Booster.
Hmm,
I feel like
I should know
that monster.
Do you?
I do not, but my
senses are telling me
that it's a Cyberse monster.
What?
So then, do ya think
this light bulb
could have something to do
with destroying the Cyberse?
Wait, the Cyberse
has been destroyed?
Oh, sure now
you wanna catch up.
Just gas
that gasbag!
That's what I'm
planning to do.
I activate the trap
Hydradrive Generator,
which allows me to summon
one Hydradrive Token.
Next, I generate my circuit.
The summoning condition
is one Hydradrive monster.
I Link Summon.
Link 1 Flow Hydradrive.
Next, I activate the
Field Spell Castle Link.
It allows me to move a Link
Monster to the Main Monster Zone
in the direction it points to.
Um, why would he do that?
And since I have fewer life
points
than I started
with in this duel,
I'm allowed to use my
Skill, Marker's Portal.
Took you long enough.
You had me worried for a second,
but I don't need
to worry anymore.
My Skill allows
me to activate a Link Spell.
A Link Spell?
I never
heard of that!
(Light Human) I can
only have one Link Spell
on my field at a time,
and it must be placed next
to a Link Monster's link.
I activate the Link
Spell Judgment Arrows,
And like all other Link Spells,
this one cannot be negated
nor destroyed by your effects.
I generate my circuit for
a second time this turn
to Link Summon Link
1 Flow Hydradrive.
(Ai) Hey, you
cheating cheater!
You can't Link
Summon to that spot!
There's no Link
Arrow pointing to it!
You're wrong,
there is an arrow.
The one pointing
from his Link Spell.
What, Link
Spells have links?
Well, I guess
it's in the name.
(Light Human)
I place one card facedown.
Next, when you have a Wind
Attribute monster on your field,
Flow Hydradrive's
special ability
allows it to attack your
life points directly.
And your Elphase's
Attribute is Wind.
The effect of Judgment
Arrows now activates.
When the monster linked
to this spell battles,
its attack points double
when calculating damage.
(screams)
My second Flow Hydradrive
attacks you directly.
I'm back
for a sec,
and I'm gonna get
glitched already?
(Yusaku grunts)
♪♪♪